[14.0] [MIG] account_payment_order: Migration to v14 (#769)
OCA/bank-payment: account_payment_order/readme/USAGE.rst

> You can create a Payment order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Payments > Payment Orders and then select the move lines to pay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Payment order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Vendors > Payment Orders and then select the move lines to pay.
```

> You can create a Payment order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Payments > Payment Orders and then select the move lines to pay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Payment order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Vendors > Payment Orders and then select the move lines to pay.
```

> You can create a Debit order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Payments > Debit Orders and then select the move lines to debit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Debit order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Customers > Debit Orders and then select the move lines to debit.
```

> This module also adds a button *Add to Payment Order* on supplier invoices and a button *Add to Debit Order* on customer invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module also adds an action *Add to Payment Order* on supplier invoices and *Add to Debit Order* on customer invoices.
```

> You can print a Payment order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Payments > Payment Orders and then select the payment oder to print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can print a Payment order via the menu Invoicing/Accounting > Vendors > Payment Orders and then select the payment oder to print.
```
